fix(argocd-image-updater): Bump application version (#1017)
argoproj/argo-helm: charts/argocd-image-updater/README.md

| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Global fullname (argocd-image-updater.fullname in _helpers.tpl) override |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | Default image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"argoprojlabs/argocd-image-updater"` | Default image repository |

> | image.tag | string | `"v0.10.3"` | Default image tag |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion |
```
